[MI-2177][Documentation]: Updated readme files (#90)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-azure-devops: README.md

This plugin contains the following features:
- Right-hand sidebar (RHS) shows the list of linked projects and subscriptions created for each project with separate buttons to connect an account, link or unlink a project and add or delete a subscription.

> - Preview of Work item or Pull request URL: A preview of the work item or pull request for a linked project will be created when their respective URL is posted in a channel and the user is connected to his Azure DevOps account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Preview of the Work item or Pull request URL: A preview of the work item or pull request for a linked project will be created when their respective URLs are posted in a channel and the user is connected to his Azure DevOps account.
```

> - Preview of the Work item or Pull request URL: A preview of the work item or pull request for a linked project will be created when their respective URLs are posted in a channel and the user is connected to his/her Azure DevOps account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Preview of the work item or pull request: A preview of the work item or pull request for a linked project will be created when their respective URLs are posted in a channel and the user is connected to his/her Azure DevOps account.
```

- Create work items: A work item can be created using the slash command below.

    ```
    - /azuredevops boards create [title] [description]
    ```
    On successful creation of a work item, you will get a message from the bot with the details of the newly created work item.

> - Add subscriptions: A user can create subscriptions for a linked project to get messages in a selected channel for selected events on work items and pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add subscriptions: A user can create subscriptions for a linked project to get notifications in a selected channel for selected events on work items and pull requests.
```

Reviewer: maybe?

To add a new subscription for a linked project click on the project title under "Linked Projects" in RHS then click on the "Add new subscription" button in the subscription view. Users can also create subscriptions using the slash command below.
    - For creating Boards subscriptions

    ```
    - /azuredevops boards subscription add
    ```

    - For creating Repos subscriptions

    ```
    - /azuredevops repos subscription add
    ```

>     **Note:** Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can only create/delete a subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Note:** Only Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can create/delete a subscription.
```

> - View/List subscriptions: A user can view the list of subscriptions for a project by going to the subscriptions list page after clicking on the project title under "Linked Projects". Users can also view the list of all subscriptions for a channel by using the below slash command in the channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- View/List subscriptions: A user can view the list of subscriptions for a project by going to the subscriptions list page after clicking on the project title under "Linked Projects" in the right-hand sidebar. Users can also view the list of all subscriptions for a channel by using the below slash command in the channel.
```

    - For listing Boards subscriptions

    ```
    - /azuredevops boards subscription list anyone all_channels
    ```

    - For listing Repos subscriptions

    ```
    - /azuredevops repos subscription list anyone all_channels 
    ```

    Supported filters on the above slash command:
    - CreatedBy: `me`(show all subscriptions created by the current Mattermost user), `anyone`(show all subscriptions created by any Mattermost user)

>     - Show for all channels: when the filter `all_channels` is passed in the slash command then subscriptions for all channels are listed, you can leave this to list the subscriptions of the current channel only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Show for all channels: When the filter `all_channels` is passed in the slash command then subscriptions for all channels are listed. You can leave this empty to list the subscriptions of the current channel only.
```

>     **Note:** Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can only view/list subscriptions that exist in a channel where he/she is not a member.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    **Note:** Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can only view/list subscriptions that exist in a channel where he/she is not a member.
```
I think our motive here is `only admins can view/list subscriptions` but its sounding like `admins can only view/list subscription`

Author: yes but we need to read the entire sentence to get the complete meaning `admins can only view/list subscription in a channel where he is not a member`

Author: both the interpretation are same here

>     **Note:** Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can only view/list subscriptions that exist in a channel where he/she is not a member.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Note:** Only Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can view/list subscriptions that exist in a channel where even they are not a member.
```

- Delete subscriptions: A user can delete subscriptions for a project from RHS by going to the subscriptions list page after clicking on the project title under "Linked Projects". Users can also delete a subscription for a project by using the slash command below.

    - For deleting Boards subscriptions

    ```

>     - /azuredevops boards subscription delete [subscription id]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    /azuredevops boards subscription delete [subscription id]
```
Why have you added hyphens everywhere before all commands?

    ```

    - For deleting Repos subscriptions

    ```
    - /azuredevops repos subscription delete [subscription id]
    ```

>     **Note:** Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can only create/delete a subscription.

Reviewer 3: same

Author: yes this also holds true only Admins can create/delete subscription

>     **Note:** Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can only create/delete a subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Note:** Only Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can create/delete a subscription.
```

    - For creating Boards subscriptions

    ```
    /azuredevops boards subscription add
    ```

    - For creating Repos subscriptions

    ```
    /azuredevops repos subscription add
    ```

    **Note:** Only Mattermost users who are project admins or team admins on the linked Azure DevOps project can create/delete a subscription.

- View/List subscriptions: A user can view the list of subscriptions for a project by going to the subscriptions list page after clicking on the project title under "Linked Projects" in the right-hand sidebar. Users can also view the list of all subscriptions for a channel by using the below slash command in the channel.

    - For listing Boards subscriptions

    ```
    /azuredevops boards subscription list anyone all_channels
    ```

    - For listing Repos subscriptions

    ```
    /azuredevops repos subscription list anyone all_channels 
    ```

    Supported filters on the above slash command:
    - CreatedBy: `me`(show all subscriptions created by the current Mattermost user), `anyone`(show all subscriptions created by any Mattermost user)

>     - Show for all channels: When the filter `all_channels` is passed in the slash command then subscriptions for all channels are listed. You can skit this filter param to list the subscriptions of the current channel only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Show for all channels: When the filter `all_channels` is passed in the slash command then subscriptions for all channels are listed. You can skip this filter param to list the subscriptions of the current channel only.
```
